Initial Rolls:

4 star:
Sutherland | Code Geass
Rank C | Vehicle
A mass produced Knightmare Frame straight out of Britannia's military. A bit obsolete, but still effective at most roles. Designed to be piloted by a single person, it features a cockpit ejection sensor, a Factsphere Sensor, Landspinner propulsion system, IFF transponder, a Float system, and a Blaze Luminous energy shield. Comes armed with two chest mounted Slash Harken wire guided projectile launchers, one torso mounted anti-personnel machine gun, a mech sized assault rifle, and two elbow mounted stun tonfas.

3 star 1 (WW - Macross)
Fire Bomber | Macross 7
Rank D (original ticket) | Skill

Fire Bomber is the legendary rock band housed out of Macross 7, during the Protodevlin Conflict. They were instrumental in fending off, then subduing the Protodevlin and teaching them to generate their own "spiritia"

As a Skill, you gain the piloting skills of Nekki Basara as well as his musical acumen. Single-mindedness is optional.

3 star 2 
Magpie's Eye | Generic
Rank D | Passive
You're very good at spotting treasure and valuables to the point that anything valuable in line of sight gets highlighted for you.

2stars

1.

~~Typhon's Bane | God Of War
Rank D | Arsenal
A magical weapon consisting entirely of metal in the shape of a small bow where rapid winds make the extension of the bow's curves. It fires rapid blasts of wind from an open face carved from its center.~~

Starjack | Rimworld
Rank D | Race
You are now a Starjack, engineered for life in deep space. Your reflective, pressure-adaptive skin protects against extreme temperatures and allows brief survival in hard vacuum, making you ideal for spacewalks and decompression emergencies. However, low gravity leaves you with reduced muscle mass and strength compared to baseline humans.
2.

Apprentice Math | Generic
Rank D | Skill
You're really good at math, any simple math is easy to do and you know the formula for most complex math. Suitable as a good point to start post-graduate studies.

3.

Nimble | Generic
Rank D | Passive
You have moderately increased reflexes and speed

4. Reservoir | Generic
Rank D | Passive
You've got just a bit more energy than most people, and recover your energy faster than normal.

5. (WW - Wing Commander)

F-36 Hornet | Wing Commander 
Rank C | Vehicle

The Origin Aerospace F-36 Hornet was the premier light fighter of the 2654 era of the Kilrathi War. With 2 Mk. 25 Laser Cannons, and a missile loadout of 2 Dart Dumbfire missiles and 2 Javelin Heatseekers, it does not particularly have high combat power for its class, but it is the most agile starfighter the Terran Confederation has in the era. 

Chapter 1 - Earned Tokens and Completed Rolls:

1. 1-star Skill Token
Unlocked: Survive a crash-landing in an unfamiliar vehicle!
Status: Spent

Quickening | Bloodborne
Rank D | Skill
An ancient Hunter's Art. Shroud yourself in mist and fog and then move so quickly almost nothing can track you. It can't go very far and strains the body severely, but very few would be able to accurately target someone using it.

2. 2-star Vehicle Token
Unlocked: Study and Operate a Vehicle you've never touched!
Status: Unspent; no result in the manuscript yet.

3. 1-star Generic Token
Unlocked: Find a lead!
Status: Spent
Original result: Agent 47 (Hitman)
Conflicting Rule: Compensated with WikiTrawl Vehicle Selection.

K'ha'haf | Wing Commander
Rank D | Vehicle
An oddity among Kilrathi wartime designs, the K'ha'haf was in a sense developed as a stealth fighter. It is a starfighter chassis built upon a large mass of rock, just large enough to allow for unaltered spaceflight. Being mostly composed of an asteroid, the K'ha'haf is able to hide itself among the asteroid belts strewn across the galaxy, sitting idle until unsuspecting Terran ships passed through their field. Space-Only.
As this is a 1-star, the ship is stripped of life-support, weapons, and fuel.

Current unspent balance: 1 x 2-star Vehicle Token.

Chap 1 end - Planned (not yet in manuscript; excluded from current balance):

[Gundam world token rolled! - 1 star - Zenna Zabi (Origin)]
Rank D | Skill
One of the second-string ringleaders of the conspiracy for the independence of Zeon, Zenna Zabi caught the eye of Dozle Zabi, who later married her and fathered a daughter, Mineva Lao Zabi. As a D grade Skill, you gain some training from the Principality's military academy, understanding basic military movements and organizations
